Skin-by-URL 2 is a MediaWiki extension that will cause the skin used
to display a page to be determined by the PHP script name in the Wiki
URL.  For example, MediaWiki URLs normally use the script name
"index.php" before the page-name portion of the URL.  This extension
examines requested URLs for a script name other than "index", and if
present, sets the output skin to one whose name matches the requested
script name.

When a skin is set via this extension, intra-wiki URLs in the
generated page are modified so that they incorpoate the correct script
name to maintain continuity of the skin used as links are followed.
To make a link from one wiki page to another force a return to the
normal handling of skins (site-wide default skin selection and
per-user custom skin selection), use external-link syntax for the URL
(e.g., "[url]" instead of "[[PageName]]") and specify the "normal" URL
for the desired page explicitly.

In order for this to work, in addition to installing the extension,
administrators must create links (tested) or URL aliases (will
probably also work) from their desired skin-specific script names
(e.g., from "simple.php" to "index.php") to the default one.  Yes,
this is a little kludgy and adds an extra step to restoring a
completely destroyed wiki installation, but it is easy to understand
and manage.

This extension is licensed under the AGPLv3.  It is a functional clone
of the obsolete, GPL-licensed MediaWiki extension SkinByURL
(http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:SkinByURL) by Eric Myers, but
shares none of the original's code.


INSTALLATION

Place the skin-by-url-2 files in a directory of the same name under
"extensions" in your MediaWiki installation, and add the following to
your LocalSettings.php:

  require_once( "$IP/extensions/skin-by-url-2/skin-by-url-2.php" );


STATUS

The implementation of skin-by-url-2 is currently quite immature.  It
has been tested with MediaWiki v1.15.1 only, and on Ubuntu
Debian/GNU/Linux only.  Also, this is my first effort in PHP (not to
mention my first MediaWiki extension), so any changes to make the PHP
code more idiomatic or the extension more in line with MediaWiki norms
are more than welcome.

Currently, this extension makes skin selections based on the script
name in the URL only.  Other available extensions provide (at least)
essentially the same behavior based on wiki namespace or article
category, see:

  http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:SkinPerNamespace
  http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Extension:AdvancedSkinSystem

If your application needs to select the correct skin based on another
portion of the URL (a component of the query string, or of the host
name), I'd welcome changes to this extension implementing that with
appropriate configuration options.

